# Assignment-2

In this lab, you will use C# and LINQ to iterate files, to query, group and order data, and to create an XML document based on that data.

Implementation
You must follow these implementation guidelines:

Create a C# console application. You can use the template from the Lecture Notes.
This application has two command line arguments: A path to a folder and a path to an HTML report output file. The application collects all files with the same extension (converted to lower case) and determines for each extension, i.e. file type, the number of files and the total size of all files of this type.
Implement a class with the following 4 static functions:

    static IEnumerable<string> EnumerateFilesRecursively(string path)
Enumerate all files in a given folder recursively including the entire sub-folder hierarchy. You can use System.IO.Directory. You could use the generator pattern (yield keyword) to implement the iterator.

    static string FormatByteSize(long byteSize)
Format a byte size in human readable form. Use the following units: B, kB, MB, GB, TB, PB, EB, and ZB where 1 kB = 1024 B, etc. The numerical value should be greater or equal to 0, less than 1024, and rounded to 2 digits after the decimal point, e.g. "1.30 kB".

    static XDocument CreateReport(IEnumerable<string> files)
Create a HTML document containing a table with three columns: “Type”, “Count”, and “Size” for the file name extension (converted to lower case), the number of files with this type, and the total size of all files with this type, respectively.
You can use System.IO.FileInfo to get the size of a file with a given path.
Sort the table by the byte size value of the “Size” column in descending order.
Use your FormatByteSize function to format the value printed in the “Size” column.
Implement this function using LINQ queries making use of group by and orderby.
Use the System.Xml.Linq.XElement constructor to functionally construct the XML/HTML document.

    public static void Main(string[] args)
Take two command line arguments. The first value is the path of the input folder and the second the path (inluding file name and extension) of the HTML report output file. Call the functions above to create the report file.
Do not  store the intermediate data. Instead you should use iterators/generators to process the sequences of data element by element without storing the entire collection.
Testing Your Code

Demonstrate that your console application works correctly by creating a report file from some folder on your machine.

Deliverable
Your source code.
A report file generated by your application.
Please list all tools (i.e. compilers, editors, IDEs, etc.) and websites (i.e. discord.com, haskel.org, REPL.it, etc.) that you used to complete this assignment.
On the workday before the due date I'll post a last minute requirement change that you have to incorporate before you submit your work.
